hello we're here to tell you about the
intricacies of do you have a dressing so
we start here where we have content ads
these may look familiar this is our
default representation we're happy about
it even though this flipped upside down
sorry slick user challenging we have
this check mark we already have it then
we have gateways the triple of gateways
is that we're tied to a specific
gateways so we have this sort of
inherently location-based thing built in
and when we use gateway slash ipfs slash
cid there's no isolation between the
websites that are loaded via gateways so
we can like secretly read each other's
cookies etc that's bad or sad so the
next concept we have is sub domain
gateways so for example HTTP connect
slash all the slashes see I knew that I
PFF got gateway dot top-level domain so
we're still tied to a specific gateway
sorry in this specific example and but
this particular setup is already
implemented by con flare which we are
happy about so for my maps of subdomain
gateways the other one being HTTP colon
slash slash cid ipfs tu web this could
this one could work offline
it would require custom TLD and custom
browser top-level domain in browser but
it's not tied to a specific gateway and
in both cases these would because of the
way that browsers work with URLs we
would have to use cid v1 base 32 because
they are case insensitive but we love
this because it creates properly
isolated websites so they're more secure
but that also requires additional config
so this part we have we don't have this
one and then a potential direct
to go from here you may have already
seen if you use speaker browser that
there is a DAT protocol so instead of
HTTP you see that we could think about
having an idea pastor IP I'd give a
flush the idea right DNS such key oh and
there's other stuff
[Applause]